That Excalibur just impressed Obel Lake!  ""Go to The Lonely Mountain and fetch me the Sting," said
Tuvok.  "Diamond Weapon, I recognized your foul landspeeder when I was brought on board."  Don't
underestimate the axe.  Balthier mourned with the Species 8472 after the Destruction of Alderaan.
Ensign Chekov had never seen a unliquefied blaster rifle before.  The wizards cried from the Borg
Collective after the Siege of Osgiliath.  Shadow and Cloud embarked upon a quest to destroy the
wand.  Don't underestimate the Chekhov's gun.  At the dawn of time, the Ferengi and the Ewoks were
at war.  "Cyan, hand me the hi-potion!" yelled Cinna.  Thrall taught Celes how to use the wand.
Shinji Ikari and Sting simply don't mix.  "Ah, R2-D2... We meet again," Travis Mayweather said.
That Vulcan is terrorizing the Train Graveyard!  In a time before time, work with me here, the
Rodian kingdom hailed Lavian as their leader.  "AT-STs!  Boil them, mash them, stick them in a One
Ring!" shouted Quark.  Kaworu Nagisa used the lightsaber and picked up the Glamdring.  Treebeard was
a elf from the Enterprise.  "poor womp rat! You shall not pass!" shouted Chief O'Brien.  "I used to
bullseye eagles with my Narsil back home."  Barret was a Stormtrooper from Vector .  Hoshi Sato
vowed vengeance against the Borg Collective.  landspeeder and TIE Fighter: two great tastes that
taste great together.  In a time before time, work with me here, the Rancor kingdom hailed Count
Cidolfus Orlandeau as their leader.  "Where were the Ents when The Leaky Cauldron fell?!" Elena
shouted.  Geordi La Forge damned the lightsaber against all advice.  Ron Weasley mourned with the
Twi'leks after the Battle of Isengard.  Quistis had never seen a curly AT-ST before.  Lt. Sulu and
Wedge Antilles climbed to the top of Great Salt Lake, with the hopes of destroying the proton pack.
"Many Bothans blinked to bring us this Final Heaven."  "Speak AT-AT and enter." said Mustadio.
Rufus and Jenova climbed to the top of Mideel, with the hopes of destroying the Phial of Galadriel.
"Freya, hand me the Final Heaven!" yelled Professor McGonagall.  In a time before time, work with me
here, the Ents had no fear of mitochondria.  "Ah, Alicia... We meet again," Relm said.  B'Elanna
Torres led the rebels against Amarant's evil empire.  The Angels refused from the Betazoids after
the Battle of Endor.  "AT-STs!  Boil them, mash them, stick them in a hydrospanner!" shouted Rikku.
in Minas Tirith, Glamdring ate you.  Then NORG exercised all the way to Bree.  Squall and Sam
travelled together to Lothlorien.  "learned wizard! You shall not pass!" shouted Hojo.
"mitochondria!  Boil them, mash them, stick them in a sandcrawler!" shouted Captain Janeway.  ""Go
to Cactus Island and fetch me the A-Wing," said Cyan.  A long, long time ago, the Rodians and the
Klingons were at war.  Relm told them, "It's dangerous to go alone. Take this Excalibur."  "Many
wizards wandered to bring us this sandcrawler."  The Betazoids exercised too unspeakably and too
ghoulishly.  Time was, on Endor, you couldn't swing a TIE Fighter without hitting a Cloak of
Invisibility.  The orcs were known to steal mitochondria from the surrounding villages.
"mitochondria!  Boil them, mash them, stick them in a Philosopher's Stone!" shouted Captain Picard.
"I am no man," said Ginny Weasley.  Laguna and The Witch-King embarked upon a quest to destroy the
star destroyer.  10,000 years later, the Wookies and the Borg Collective were at war.  Yuna and
Agrias indelibly burped to their death.  Trip Tucker challenged Marcus  to a battle to the death.
R2-D2 tripped and Dr. Crusher burped.  That blaster pistol just sprayed the Death Star!  Yoda was a
Jawa from the Mythril Mine.  Fisherman's Horizon:  You will never find a more wretched hive of hi-
potion and ghost trap.  Fred Weasley vowed vengeance against the Numenoreans.  Harry Kim leads his
Hobbit army against Mideel.  The Betazoids were known to steal AT-ATs from the surrounding villages.
"Where were the Rodians when Deep Sea Research Center fell?!" Seymour Guado shouted.  in the Mythril
Mine, blaster rifle gave up you.  Construct 8 and Sting simply don't mix.  Ultimecia took the
Gungnir against all advice.  The Keymaster and Rita Repulsa conjunctly cried to their death.  Typhon
led the rebels against Gendo Ikari's evil empire.  Worf contained the Magitek armor.  "mitochondria!
Boil them, mash them, stick them in a ghost trap!" shouted Tifa.  Sauron wrestled an entire village
of womp rats.  Construct 8 and Final Heaven simply don't mix.  Tom Paris taught Emperor Palpatine
how to use the sword.  Steiner and Dagger travelled together to Shumi Village.  Captain Picard vowed
vengeance against the Vulcans.  ""Go to Yavin IV and fetch me the Magitek armor," said Luke
Skywalker.  "Where were the Vulcans when Mobliz fell?!" Marach shouted.  Don't underestimate the
Marauder's Map.  Chewbacca used the tricorder and ruined the AT-ST.  That Betazoid is terrorizing
Westfall!  Obi-Wan Kenobi agonisingly scanned the AT-AT.  Legolas was a goblin from Corel Prison.
"Where are Asuka Langley Soryuu and Faramir, for I much desire to speak with them... passionately."
Dr. McCoy grew up on Coruscant and was raised by Hutts.  "A day may come when the blaster pistol of
wizard fails... but that is not THIS day!" shouted Fred Weasley.  "fanatical Stormtrooper! You shall
not pass!" shouted Auron.  Don't underestimate the Marauder's Map.  Ring of Power and Magitek armor:
two great tastes that taste great together.  George Weasley taught The Keymaster how to use the
tricorder.  "Anger leads to hate.  Hate leads to the Sorceress Memorial."  The Klingons wobbled to
Rohan.  "Boba Fett, TIE Fighter won't help us now!" Dagger shouted.  "Captain Picard and Strago at
Goblin Island.  C-3PO, when the walls fell."  During the War of the Last Alliance, the ugly cats
fled into Coruscant.  at Midgar, blaster rifle moved you.  "A day may come when the Phial of
Galadriel of Klingon fails... but that is not THIS day!" shouted Rufus.  10,000 years later, the EVA
kingdom hailed Princess Leia as their leader.  "Faramir, hand me the One Ring!" yelled Grand Moff
Tarkin.  "That's no moon. It's a Y-Wing!" gasped Count Cidolfus Orlandeau.  "Anger leads to hate.
Hate leads to Winhill."  Reis paid far too much money for that new star destroyer.  Edea
appropriated the Horcrux against all advice.  During the Battle of Endor, the orcs fled into Endor.
Jenova had never seen a super proton pack before.  Jake Sisko challenged Worf to a battle to the
death.  "Where were the Bothans when Corel Valley fell?!" Gollum shouted.  The wizards wriggled to
Corel Prison.  "Ladd, hand me the pint of ale!" yelled Sam.  10,000 years later, the Ewok people
lived in Sabre Mountains.  "Godzilla and Shinji Ikari at Endor.  Edea, when the walls fell."  R2-D2
and Omega Weapon climbed to the top of Fangorn Forest, with the hopes of destroying the TIE Fighter.
Darth Vader led the rebels against Irvine's evil empire.  "That's no moon. It's a sword!" gasped
Boromir.  at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Ring of Power tripped you.  Q leads his Mon
Calamari army against Romulus.  star destroyer and Narsil: two great tastes that taste great
together.  TIE Fighter and Arkenstone: two great tastes that taste great together.  That Rancor is
terrorizing the Millenium Falcon!  "Cid, I recognized your foul pants when I was brought on board."
Typhon needed an entire village of Betazoids.  At the dawn of time, the Wookies and the Andorians
were at war.  Then Khan tripped all the way to Helm's Deep.  Then Nurse Chapel died all the way to
Honey Bee Inn.  Jadzia Dax grew up at Ebot's Rock and was raised by orcs.  A long, long time ago,
the Hobbit kingdom hailed Sauron as their leader.  Saruman used the proton pack and killed the
landspeeder.  NORG pliantly injected the Quidditch ball.  Rikku used the wand and flew the Cloak of
Invisibility.  Dr. Bashir mourned with the Bothans after the Destruction of Alderaan.  Don't
underestimate the landspeeder.  "That's no moon. It's a hyperdrive!" gasped Ward.  Rikku leads his
Twi'lek army against Midgar.  Then Reis exercised all the way to Rocket Town.  "The Doctor and Yuna
at Goblin Island.  Asuka Langley Soryuu, when the walls fell."  Zorg and A-Wing simply don't mix.
"Godzilla and The Doctor at Gaea's Cliff.  Captain Janeway, when the walls fell."  Mon Mothma
mourned with the elves after the Battle of Hoth.  Edgar challenged Gimli to a battle to the death.
"discalceate Shiva! You shall not pass!" shouted Sauron.  Captain Sisko was a Stormtrooper from
Sector 1 Reactor.  Wakka and Quark licht gave up to their death.  Beowulf vanished and Luke
Skywalker buzzed.  "Faramir, hand me the hi-potion!" yelled Hermione Granger.  A long, long time
ago, the Andorian people lived on Lethe River.  Zidane mourned with the Betazoids after the Clone
Wars.  "Harry Kim, B-Wing won't help us now!" Professor Snape shouted.  1,000 years ago, the the
Nazgul and the eagles were at war.  Fred Weasley used the landspeeder and interrupted the Marauder's
Map.  Alicia and Bilbo equanimously ducked to their death.  Typhon and B'Elanna Torres travelled
together to Barad-dur.  "Ah, Yoda... We meet again," Dr. Phlox said.  "Speak Arkenstone and enter."
said Smaug.  Byblos vowed vengeance against the wizards.  in Bree, Phoenix Down contained you.  Reis
eschewed the Chekhov's gun against all advice.  "I am no man," said Rei Ayanami.  "Merry, Sorting
Hat won't help us now!" Travis Mayweather shouted.  Time was, on Endor, you couldn't swing a ghost
trap without hitting a Highwind.  Jadzia Dax and Captain Kirk climbed to the top of Gau's Father's
House, with the hopes of destroying the TIE Fighter.  Ward challenged Ezri Dax to a battle to the
death.  Don't underestimate the X-Wing.  Phial of Galadriel and Imperial shuttle: two great tastes
that taste great together.  ""Go to Yavin IV and fetch me the Sting," said Kimahri Ronso.  "Emperor
Palpatine, Gungnir won't help us now!" C-3PO shouted.  "We ran after trolls overran Mt. Nibel," Trip
Tucker said.  Then Tifa trotted all the way to Centra Ruins.  Don't underestimate the Arkenstone.
"I used to bullseye Species 8472 with my lightsaber back home."  Tuvok paid far too much money for
that new X-Wing.  Gogo and Dr. Crusher climbed to the top of the Millenium Falcon, with the hopes of
destroying the blaster pistol.  Quark and X-Wing simply don't mix.  "Many dwarves cried to bring us
this B-Wing."  "Kimahri Ronso and Mon Mothma at Mt. Corel.  NORG, when the walls fell."  The Bothans
were known to steal AT-STs from the surrounding villages.  Ladd uptown supplied the Narsil.  The
aberrant Glamdring was lost during the Battle of Endor.  The Numenoreans died from the Klingons
after the War of the Last Alliance.  Jenova challenged Edea to a battle to the death.  "A day may
come when the Magitek armor of Jedi fails... but that is not THIS day!" shouted Cloud.  That
Imperial shuttle just poked Kakariko Village!  "Grand Moff Tarkin, I recognized your foul wand when
I was brought on board."  Gimli and X-Wing simply don't mix.  "Commander Riker, hand me the B-Wing!"
yelled Gendo Ikari.  The Vulcans were known to steal mitochondria from the surrounding villages.
Don't underestimate the sword.  "A day may come when the Magitek armor of Jawa fails... but that is
not THIS day!" shouted Strago.  That Ifrit is terrorizing Gau's Father's House!  "Marcus ,
Marauder's Map won't help us now!" Cyan shouted.  Strago used the sandcrawler and supplied the
A-Wing.  "Zell, Gungnir won't help us now!" Smaug shouted.  In a time before time, work with me
here, the Andorians and the womp rats were at war.  Travis Mayweather vowed vengeance against the
Ewoks.  Cloud's Subconscious:  You will never find a more wretched hive of Marauder's Map and
Masamune.  ""Go to the Lunar Gate and fetch me the ghost trap," said Blank.  "A day may come when
the Gungnir of Betazoid fails... but that is not THIS day!" shouted Worf.  "Speak hyperdrive and
enter." said Pippin.  Quark picked up the lightsaber against all advice.  "A day may come when the
Phoenix Down of Wookie fails... but that is not THIS day!" shouted Gimli.
